Document `ignore_missing_stub` in CONTRIBUTING.md (#11426)
python/typeshed: CONTRIBUTING.md

* `partial_stub` (optional): This field marks the type stub package as
  [partial](https://peps.python.org/pep-0561/#partial-stub-packages). This is for
  3rd-party stubs that don't cover the entirety of the package's public API.

In addition, we specify configuration for stubtest in the `tool.stubtest` table.
This has the following keys:
* `skip` (default: `false`): Whether stubtest should be run against this
  package. Please avoid setting this to `true`, and add a comment if you have
  to.
* `ignore_missing_stub`: When set to `true`, this will add the
  `--ignore_missing_stub` option to the stubtest call. See
  [tests/README.md](./tests/README.md) for more information. In most cases,

>   this field is identical to `partial_stub`.

Reviewer: I know this is the same description you just moved. But it feels misleading to me. It sounds like either options can be used interchangeably in most cases.

When in truth, it's that they should be used together in most cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  [tests/README.md](./tests/README.md) for more information. In most cases,
  this field should be identical to `partial_stub`.
```
I think this makes it clearer
